Are you saying that God King Beijiang saved him?
Yes, I also received enlightenment from Beijiang Divine King today.
Came here specially to find you
What's up?
Beijiang Divine King divided the Buddha and asked me to send a sea of ​​invitations to all the major families in China.
Let everyone go to his wife’s birthday
Let you mess with his wife
As long as you are the Beijiang God King, you will do things without fighting.
How do you play with the back process? Separate it for me and then come in again.
Yes. What happened when you came back through the back door?
I'm going to let Zhan Tianchen return to Zhanchen
Dad, Zhan Tianchen killed Ye Yan and he has no ability.
He doesn't deserve to be a warrior
Just to fight
Let Zhan Tianchen return to the armor
What use is he to me?
Is there a study table?
a little mistress
Don't get involved in the armor matter
Just fight
Zhan Tianchen also has no ability
Two parallels continue
You let him return to the suit
Isn't this unfair to my friends?
How do you know, Lao Lu?
I'm not capable
I stopped before